But like enemies. You don't want to
recreate the same structure
every time for an enemy. And that's
why we have a thing called a class.
Class. Enemy.
Right?And oh
wait, I'm just stupid. You don't do that.
Don't do that. Learn from me. Don't do
that. And then you see with
these, you got functions
that you could do like moveand
stuff but one
that you always want to do is
constructor
this is like the
omega
function that you put in these it
lets you basically
create
it basicallylets you create them and
you could do color
which I am so good at typing
but anyway you could go like this dot
x equals x
this dot
y equals y
this dot w equals
w this
doth
equals h which
I'm this
dot color equals
color and
stuff like that okay you know
whenever you uh
something of the class enemy you just do
uh
var e one for enemy one equals
new enemy
and you could go put in all your
instructor stuff like you want the x to
be 1 1 y to be 1 sure with
let's it's a 20 by 20
with the color of
red because that
guy right and you you
another enemy right called e2
equals new enemy
with uh
800 800
20(what the crap) 20
blue in fact let's make it
slightly
bigger 25
25 oh wait that's a string
blue is a string it's a string okay we
have two enemies